Add upgrade strategy document (#422)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/release-policy.mdx

---
id: release-policy
title: Minor and Major Release Policy for the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript
sidebar_label: Release Policy
keywords:
  - sap
  - cloud
  - sdk
  - cloud native
  - cloud sdk
  - sap cloud sdk
  - upgrade
  - strategy
  - major
  - release
  - support
---

:::info relevance

This release policy only applies to the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript.
It's not relevant for the SAP Cloud SDK for Java!

:::

> ## Versioning Standards

Reviewer: Same here, I would remove the additional title.
```suggestion
```

The SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript follows [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/).

## Planned Major Release Schedule

| Version | Planned Date         | Link to Announcement                    | Scope                                                                 | Notes                                                                             |
|:--------|:---------------------|:----------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.x     | Current, Released GA | N/A                                     | Current                                                               | 1.x is current version of the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript since 2019             |

> | 2.x     | January 2022         | [Version 2.x](announcing-version-2.mdx) | [Version 2.x](announcing-version-2.mdx#what-will-change-in-version-2) | First major version bump since initial release of the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScrip |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| 2.x     | January 2022         | [Version 2.x](announcing-version-2.mdx) | [Version 2.x](announcing-version-2.mdx#what-will-change-in-version-2) | First major version bump since initial release of the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript |
```

> | 3.x     | July 2022            | TBD                                     | TBD                                                                   | TBD                                                                               |

Reviewer: I think the "Notes" column is unnecessary, because it does not contain any additional information. Can we just remove it?

## Minor and Major Release Policy

### Timelines

- We release a new **minor version** every 2 weeks, assuming new functionality or fixes are available.
- We release a new **major version** every 6 to 12 months.
  A few months before the release, we announce the expected changes and planned timeline.

> ### Migration to a New Major Version

Reviewer: We agreed not to scare anyone with the word "migration". Learning from Java ;)

```suggestion
### Upgrading to a New Major Version
```

- We provide a step-by-step migration guide for each major version.
  Following the migration steps should take less than a day of development effort regardless of the project size.

### Fixes, Maintenance, Documentation

> - We provide fixes and new features only for the most current version of the SAP Cloud SDK.
> - The documentation is always up to date with the latest major release

Reviewer: I find the "only" in the middle of the sentence a bit odd and "only" sounds a little negative.
Also, lists should be parallel, therefore, please add a full stop in the end.

```suggestion
- We provide fixes and new features for the latest version of the SAP Cloud SDK, exclusively.
- The documentation is always up to date with the latest major release.
```
